blogs/20260218_Crypto_1099DA_Reconciliation_Free_Tax_Prep_With_SerenDB.md, before:

# 2026 Tax Season Winner: Free Crypto 1099-DA Reconciliation, Free SerenDB Storage, and CPA Support from TheBitcoinCPA

```text
  _________________________________________________________________
 /                                                                 \
|   2026 TAX SEASON CHAMPION: CRYPTO 1099-DA RECONCILIATION SKILL  |
|                                                                   |
|      _______             _______             _______              |
|     / _____ \           / _____ \           / _____ \             |
|    / /  _  \ \   +     / /  _  \ \   +     / /  _  \ \            |
|   | |  | |  | |       | |  | |  | |       | |  | |  | |           |
|   | |  |_|  | |       | |  |_|  | |       | |  |_|  | |           |
|    \ \_____/ /         \ \_____/ /         \ \_____/ /            |
|     \_______/           \_______/           \_______/              |
|      FREE TOOLING        FREE STORAGE         CPA SUPPORT          |
 \_________________________________________________________________/
```

## 1099-DA Reconciliation Seren Skill Sponsor

[SerenAI](https://serendb.com) Skills are sponsored by leading professionals and experts across sectors, including Financial Services. Skill Sponsors help deliver skills that AIs can use to make the Seren experience compelling and trustworthy.

### A little about Kirk Phillips

Kirk Phillips, CPA, CMA, CFE, CBP @TheBitcoinCPA™  
Founder of Crypto Bullseye Zone™  
"Information about crypto is more valuable than crypto itself."

Get crypto intel you can trust from crypto coach Kirk David Phillips, who uses and studies crypto every day and has 10+ years in the crypto space.

- Website: [https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/](https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/)
- About Kirk: [https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips](https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips)

[![Kirk David Phillips - TheBitcoinCPA](https://kajabi-storefronts-production.kajabi-cdn.com/kajabi-storefronts-production/file-uploads/themes/3235865/settings_images/f6e2206-87cf-ef15-1ae-28f5ae26f3_about-kdp-header.webp)](https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips)

Crypto tax reporting is now a systems problem, not just a spreadsheet problem. For 2026 filing, most serious crypto users have two realities at once: exchange-level reporting from Form 1099-DA and wallet-level reality in tax software. If those two datasets do not reconcile line-by-line, Form 8949 preparation becomes stressful, manual, and expensive.

The good news is that this new Crypto 1099-DA reconciliation workflow gives teams and individual filers a clean path: free tax preparation automation, free data storage in your hosted [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) setup, and a direct CPA escalation path when legal judgment is required.

## Why this matters right now

1099-DA reporting closes a long-standing gap between broker records and taxpayer-prepared filings. That is good for clarity, but it raises the bar for consistency. If your tax software says one thing and broker statements say another, you need a defensible explanation for every delta.

Typical mismatch causes include timezone misalignment between exports, fee handling differences, missing transfer history that breaks basis continuity, and symbol mapping drift after wrappers or migrations.

The reconciliation skill is designed for this exact reality. It standardizes records, resolves missing basis fields when mathematically derivable, audits deltas against tax-software exports, and persists all artifacts in a structured schema you control.

## How to Start the Skill

1. Download and install [Seren Desktop](https://serendb.com/install) for your operating system.
2. Open Seren Desktop and click `+New Agent`.
3. Choose your runtime path:
- Launch a Seren Agent with purchased SerenBucks to use available AI models.
- Or login through Claude/Codex agents using your Claude or Codex subscription authentication.
4. In the skill search box, search for `1099 crypto tax`.
5. Click the skill to activate it.
6. Upload your CSV files to the agent (1099-DA export and tax software export). Have documents ready before starting.
7. Run the reconciliation workflow and review exceptions before final filing.

```text
      +----------------------+      +----------------------+      +----------------------+
      |  1099-DA Export      | ---> |  SerenAI Agent Flow  | ---> |  Reconciled 8949     |
      |  (broker records)    |      |  normalize + resolve |      |  readiness package   |
      +----------------------+      |  + audit + persist   |      +----------------------+
                    \               +----------------------+                  /
                     \                                                      /
                      \------------------ tax software export -------------/

      Human time saved: high
      Error surface area: lower
      Audit readiness: materially improved
```

## The pipeline in practice

The workflow is intentionally direct.

Step 1 normalizes your 1099-DA rows into a canonical shape with fields like `asset`, `quantity`, `disposed_at`, `proceeds_usd`, `cost_basis_usd`, and `gain_loss_usd`.

Step 2 resolves missing basis or gain/loss when values are derivable from available fields and infers holding period where timestamps are available.

Step 3 audits resolved records against your tax software export using asset, quantity, and time tolerance, then outputs summary metrics and an exception table.

Step 4 persists all artifacts to [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) tables so every run is queryable and traceable:
- `crypto_tax.reconciliation_runs`
- `crypto_tax.normalized_1099da`
- `crypto_tax.resolved_lots`
- `crypto_tax.reconciliation_exceptions`

This persistence layer is where many tax workflows fail. People do one-off CSV diffs, then lose history, assumptions, and rationale. With [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) storage, you keep a durable record of what changed and why.

## Why agent-driven reconciliation is better than one-off manual cleanup

Manual cleanup works for one account and one tax year. It does not scale when you have multiple exchanges, multiple wallets, and a changing transaction history.

[SerenAI](https://serendb.com) agents using this skill are valuable because they are systematic and repeatable.

```text
     BEFORE                                    AFTER
+-------------------+                   +------------------------+
| manual CSV edits  |                   | SerenAI reconciliation |
| ad hoc formulas   |                   | deterministic scripts  |
| no run history    |                   | structured run history |
| "hope it's right" |                   | "show your work"       |
+-------------------+                   +------------------------+
          \                                       /
           \                                     /
            \___________ confidence gap ________/
                         now closed
```

If you are a preparer, reviewer, or operations lead, standardized outputs cut rework and keep reviewers focused on exceptions, not cleanup.

## Free software, but not “advice automation”

A key design choice is separation of concerns.

The software automates data normalization, matching, and discrepancy classification. It does not replace legal or tax advice. That boundary is important for safety and compliance.

When unresolved items remain, the workflow explicitly routes users to professional support. For this skill, the CPA escalation path is built in via CryptoBullseye.zone’s Crypto Action Plan.

That gives users a practical operating model: automate what is deterministic, escalate what is judgment-sensitive.

## What “audit-ready” looks like

A good reconciliation output is not just one total. It includes matched and unmatched counts, partial matches with quantified deltas, likely-cause labels for each exception, and a full persistence summary.

By the time you finalize Form 8949, you should be able to answer:
- did every 1099-DA disposition map to a documented row?
- can each gain/loss figure be traced to a lot and method?
- are remaining deltas explicitly explained and approved?

That is the standard that reduces last-minute filing risk.

## Final take

The biggest win is leverage: you get free tax-preparation automation, free data persistence infrastructure, and a professional support path when the situation calls for it. For 2026 tax season, that combination is not a luxury. It is a practical baseline for anyone with meaningful crypto activity.

If you want confidence without spreadsheet chaos, this skill is the right architecture.

```text
 __________________________________________________________________________________
|  NEXT STEP: START HERE                                                            |
|                                                                                   |
|   [1] Explore SerenDB + agents:  https://serendb.com                             |
|   [2] Install Seren Desktop:     https://serendb.com/install                     |
|                                                                            |
|      ____                          ____                                     |
|     / __ \   FILE WITH CLARITY    / __ \    TRACE EVERY DELTA             |
|    / /  \_\  NOT CHAOS           / /  \_\   WITH CONFIDENCE               |
|   | |                            | |                                       |
|   | |  SEREN + SKILLS + CPA      | |  2026 READY                           |
|    \ \__/ /                      \ \__/ /                                   |
|     \____/                        \____/                                    |
|__________________________________________________________________________________|
```

## Get Started

- What is Seren? [https://serendb.com](https://serendb.com)
- Full API Docs: [https://docs.serendb.com](https://docs.serendb.com)
- Sign Up Free: [https://console.serendb.com](https://console.serendb.com)
- Download Seren Desktop in 90 seconds or less: [https://serendb.com/install](https://serendb.com/install)
- Questions? Drop them in comments or join our Discord: [https://discord.gg/jseg7q4KS7](https://discord.gg/jseg7q4KS7)

## Legal, Tax, and Accounting Disclaimers

- This post is for informational and educational purposes only.
- Nothing in this post is legal, tax, accounting, investment, or financial advice.
- You are solely responsible for your filings, positions, classifications, and jurisdiction-specific compliance.
- Tax treatment for digital assets varies by jurisdiction and may change over time.
- AI-generated analysis may contain errors or incomplete assumptions.
- Always review outputs and consult a licensed CPA, EA, tax attorney, or other qualified professional before filing.
- No warranty is provided for completeness, accuracy, fitness for purpose, or audit outcomes.

Tags: #crypto #tax #1099da #form8949 #serendb #agents #automation #cpa

Commit message:

Constrain Kirk sponsor image width in 1099-DA blog

blogs/20260218_Crypto_1099DA_Reconciliation_Free_Tax_Prep_With_SerenDB.md, after:

# 2026 Tax Season Winner: Free Crypto 1099-DA Reconciliation, Free SerenDB Storage, and CPA Support from TheBitcoinCPA

```text
  _________________________________________________________________
 /                                                                 \
|   2026 TAX SEASON CHAMPION: CRYPTO 1099-DA RECONCILIATION SKILL  |
|                                                                   |
|      _______             _______             _______              |
|     / _____ \           / _____ \           / _____ \             |
|    / /  _  \ \   +     / /  _  \ \   +     / /  _  \ \            |
|   | |  | |  | |       | |  | |  | |       | |  | |  | |           |
|   | |  |_|  | |       | |  |_|  | |       | |  |_|  | |           |
|    \ \_____/ /         \ \_____/ /         \ \_____/ /            |
|     \_______/           \_______/           \_______/              |
|      FREE TOOLING        FREE STORAGE         CPA SUPPORT          |
 \_________________________________________________________________/
```

## 1099-DA Reconciliation Seren Skill Sponsor

[SerenAI](https://serendb.com) Skills are sponsored by leading professionals and experts across sectors, including Financial Services. Skill Sponsors help deliver skills that AIs can use to make the Seren experience compelling and trustworthy.

### A little about Kirk Phillips

Kirk Phillips, CPA, CMA, CFE, CBP @TheBitcoinCPA™  
Founder of Crypto Bullseye Zone™  
"Information about crypto is more valuable than crypto itself."

Get crypto intel you can trust from crypto coach Kirk David Phillips, who uses and studies crypto every day and has 10+ years in the crypto space.

- Website: [https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/](https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/)
- About Kirk: [https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips](https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips)

<a href="https://www.cryptobullseye.zone/about/kirk-david-phillips">
  <img
    src="https://kajabi-storefronts-production.kajabi-cdn.com/kajabi-storefronts-production/file-uploads/themes/3235865/settings_images/c5e0ba-ba7-07a7-51db-e464f748f2ec_a8045206-92c3-4a1e-9d90-12c803d7d8a7.webp"
    alt="Kirk David Phillips - TheBitcoinCPA"
    width="420"
    style="max-width:100%; height:auto;"
  />
</a>

Crypto tax reporting is now a systems problem, not just a spreadsheet problem. For 2026 filing, most serious crypto users have two realities at once: exchange-level reporting from Form 1099-DA and wallet-level reality in tax software. If those two datasets do not reconcile line-by-line, Form 8949 preparation becomes stressful, manual, and expensive.

The good news is that this new Crypto 1099-DA reconciliation workflow gives teams and individual filers a clean path: free tax preparation automation, free data storage in your hosted [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) setup, and a direct CPA escalation path when legal judgment is required.

## Why this matters right now

1099-DA reporting closes a long-standing gap between broker records and taxpayer-prepared filings. That is good for clarity, but it raises the bar for consistency. If your tax software says one thing and broker statements say another, you need a defensible explanation for every delta.

Typical mismatch causes include timezone misalignment between exports, fee handling differences, missing transfer history that breaks basis continuity, and symbol mapping drift after wrappers or migrations.

The reconciliation skill is designed for this exact reality. It standardizes records, resolves missing basis fields when mathematically derivable, audits deltas against tax-software exports, and persists all artifacts in a structured schema you control.

## How to Start the Skill

1. Download and install [Seren Desktop](https://serendb.com/install) for your operating system.
2. Open Seren Desktop and click `+New Agent`.
3. Choose your runtime path:
- Launch a Seren Agent with purchased SerenBucks to use any of 300 available AI models.
- Or login through Claude/Codex agents using your Claude or Codex subscription authentication.
4. In the skill search box, search for `1099 crypto tax`.
5. Click the skill to save and then click again on the skill to activate it in your agent.
6. Upload your CSV files to the agent (1099-DA export and tax software export). Have documents ready before starting.
7. Run the reconciliation workflow and review exceptions before final filing.

```text
      +----------------------+      +----------------------+      +----------------------+
      |  1099-DA Export      | ---> |  SerenAI Agent Flow  | ---> |  Reconciled 8949     |
      |  (broker records)    |      |  normalize + resolve |      |  readiness package   |
      +----------------------+      |  + audit + persist   |      +----------------------+
                    \               +----------------------+                  /
                     \                                                      /
                      \------------------ tax software export -------------/

      Human time saved: high
      Error surface area: lower
      Audit readiness: materially improved
```

## The pipeline in practice

The workflow is intentionally direct.

Step 1 normalizes your 1099-DA rows into a canonical shape with fields like `asset`, `quantity`, `disposed_at`, `proceeds_usd`, `cost_basis_usd`, and `gain_loss_usd`.

Step 2 resolves missing basis or gain/loss when values are derivable from available fields and infers holding period where timestamps are available.

Step 3 audits resolved records against your tax software export using asset, quantity, and time tolerance, then outputs summary metrics and an exception table.

Step 4 persists all artifacts to [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) tables so every run is queryable and traceable:
- `crypto_tax.reconciliation_runs`
- `crypto_tax.normalized_1099da`
- `crypto_tax.resolved_lots`
- `crypto_tax.reconciliation_exceptions`

This persistence layer is where many tax workflows fail. People do one-off CSV diffs, then lose history, assumptions, and rationale. With [SerenDB](https://serendb.com) storage, you keep a durable record of what changed and why.

## Why agent-driven reconciliation is better than one-off manual cleanup

Manual cleanup works for one account and one tax year. It does not scale when you have multiple exchanges, multiple wallets, and a changing transaction history.

[SerenAI](https://serendb.com) agents using this skill are valuable because they are systematic and repeatable.

```text
     BEFORE                                    AFTER
+-------------------+                   +------------------------+
| manual CSV edits  |                   | SerenAI reconciliation |
| ad hoc formulas   |                   | deterministic scripts  |
| no run history    |                   | structured run history |
| "hope it's right" |                   | "show your work"       |
+-------------------+                   +------------------------+
          \                                       /
           \                                     /
            \___________ confidence gap ________/
                         now closed
```

If you are a preparer, reviewer, or operations lead, standardized outputs cut rework and keep reviewers focused on exceptions, not cleanup.

## Free software, but not “advice automation”

A key design choice is separation of concerns.

The software automates data normalization, matching, and discrepancy classification. It does not replace legal or tax advice. That boundary is important for safety and compliance.

When unresolved items remain, the workflow explicitly routes users to professional support. For this skill, the CPA escalation path is built in via CryptoBullseye.zone’s Crypto Action Plan.

That gives users a practical operating model: automate what is deterministic, escalate what is judgment-sensitive.

## What “audit-ready” looks like

A good reconciliation output is not just one total. It includes matched and unmatched counts, partial matches with quantified deltas, likely-cause labels for each exception, and a full persistence summary.

By the time you finalize Form 8949, you should be able to answer:
- did every 1099-DA disposition map to a documented row?
- can each gain/loss figure be traced to a lot and method?
- are remaining deltas explicitly explained and approved?

That is the standard that reduces last-minute filing risk.

## Final take

The biggest win is leverage: you get free tax-preparation automation, free data persistence infrastructure, and a professional support path when the situation calls for it. For 2026 tax season, that combination is not a luxury. It is a practical baseline for anyone with meaningful crypto activity.

If you want confidence without spreadsheet chaos, this skill is the right architecture.

```text
 __________________________________________________________________________________
|  NEXT STEP: START HERE                                                            |
|                                                                                   |
|   [1] Explore SerenDB + agents:  https://serendb.com                             |
|   [2] Install Seren Desktop:     https://serendb.com/install                     |
|                                                                            |
|      ____                          ____                                     |
|     / __ \   FILE WITH CLARITY    / __ \    TRACE EVERY DELTA             |
|    / /  \_\  NOT CHAOS           / /  \_\   WITH CONFIDENCE               |
|   | |                            | |                                       |
|   | |  SEREN + SKILLS + CPA      | |  2026 READY                           |
|    \ \__/ /                      \ \__/ /                                   |
|     \____/                        \____/                                    |
|__________________________________________________________________________________|
```

## Get Started

- What is Seren? [https://serendb.com](https://serendb.com)
- Full API Docs: [https://docs.serendb.com](https://docs.serendb.com)
- Sign Up Free: [https://console.serendb.com](https://console.serendb.com)
- Download Seren Desktop in 90 seconds or less: [https://serendb.com/install](https://serendb.com/install)
- Questions? Drop them in comments or join our Discord: [https://discord.gg/jseg7q4KS7](https://discord.gg/jseg7q4KS7)

## Legal, Tax, and Accounting Disclaimers

- This post is for informational and educational purposes only.
- Nothing in this post is legal, tax, accounting, investment, or financial advice.
- You are solely responsible for your filings, positions, classifications, and jurisdiction-specific compliance.
- Tax treatment for digital assets varies by jurisdiction and may change over time.
- AI-generated analysis may contain errors, hallucinations or incomplete assumptions.
- Always review outputs and consult a licensed CPA, EA, tax attorney, or other qualified professional before filing.
- No warranty is provided for completeness, accuracy, fitness for purpose, or audit outcomes.

Tags: #crypto #tax #1099da #form8949 #serendb #agents #automation #cpa
